Adds documentation for rest admin api permissions feature (#4257)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/permissions.md

- indices:monitor/shard_stores
- indices:monitor/stats
- indices:monitor/upgrade

> ## Rest Permissions

Author: yes, and okay

> ## Rest Permissions

Reviewer: If this stands for "Representational State Transfer" API, you can disregard the style check and capitalize. But if this refers to the rest layer (versus transit layer), it's my fault and it should stay Security rest permissions. Thanks.

These permissions apply to rest APIs to control access to the endpoints. Granting access to any of these will allow access to change the crucial operational components of Security plugin.
NOTE: Allowing access to these endpoints can trigger operational changes in the cluster. Proceed with caution.

> 

Reviewer: If these are cluster permissions, let's format them like the others in the Permissions documentation and add them in the section above index permissions, [Cluster permissions](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/permissions/#cluster-permissions). So, the whole enchilada:

## Security REST API permissions

Allowing access to these endpoints has the potential to trigger operational changes in the cluster. Proceed with caution.
{: .warning }

See [API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/api/) for more information about Security REST APIs.

* cluster:restapi:admin/actiongroups
* cluster:restapi:admin/allowlist
* cluster:restapi:admin/internalusers
* cluster:restapi:admin/nodesdn
* cluster:restapi:admin/roles
* cluster:restapi:admin/rolesmapping
* cluster:restapi:admin/ssl/certs/info
* cluster:restapi:admin/ssl/certs/reload
* cluster:restapi:admin/tenants

Author: these permissions are not prefixed with `cluster:`, so these should be fine.

- indices:monitor/shard_stores
- indices:monitor/stats
- indices:monitor/upgrade

## Security REST permissions

> These permissions apply to rest APIs to control access to the endpoints. Granting access to any of these will allow access to change the crucial operational components of Security plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These permissions apply to REST APIs to control access to the endpoints. Granting access to any of these will allow a user permission to change fundamental operational components of the Security plugin.
```
OK?
